Add vector-3.0 info (#1524)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/indexes/semantic-indexes/vector-indexes.adoc

== Vector index providers for compatibility

It is not possible to specify an index provider when creating indexes in Cypher 25.

> Instead, Neo4j selects the most performant provider (`vector-3.0` for vector indexes as of Neo4j 2026.01).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, Neo4j selects the most performant provider (`vector-3.0` for vector indexes as of Neo4j 2025.09).
```

Reviewer: Unsure if we want to claim "most performant" over "newest" / "latest" … perhaps "most feature rich" if anything.
